Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[suspenseful music]
[heavy breathing]
[animal growls]
[deep exhale]
[suspenseful music]
[moans]
[groans]
[gun shot]
[deep exhale]
[music playing]
[shaver buzzing]
You really trust me
all alone up there
in the woods with this rifle?
So you really trust
me with my rifle?
This ain't about trust. boy.
[chuckles]
My. man. you put your
shit in the back.
You got it.
Let's get out of here.
Yeah.
[deep exhale]
This is your car?
Yeah.
Strap up.
Gee.
We buy all laws
around these parts.
All right. look. so GPS
says we got about six hours.
I'll probably try doing
like 5 and 1/2. 5.
Sounds like you're
excited to see Marj. huh?
Now this is about you showing
off you seen my old girlfriend?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Actually. I wasn't
going to come.
I haven't seen or
talked to Marj in...
She's been a minute. man.
She always going to
get what she wants.
[scoffs]
She's never getting
married and have kids.
Yeah. man. you know.
Boys. come on. no one in this
town is good enough for her.
but except for you.
Yeah. and nobody's too
good for you either.
And if you think that.
it's your own damn problem.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
Wow. so that's that
melodious voice
I've been missing
all these evening.
This thing is about us. we
kicking it right now. right?
So like we used to. so.
Other than you coming home
every couple of Christmases.
no one gets a chance to
see you. but now you back.
Am I?
Shit. I don't know. you tell me.
I don't know.
You know you need?
Hey. look. act like
it's 20 years ago.
That's right. and we
have a good ass time.
smoke out. shoot these
bucks. have a good time.
Hey. you know they sell the
stuff in stores now. right?
You don't have to get it in
a plastic baggie anymore.
Hey. I grow my own shit.
[chuckles]
You know what I'm saying?
It just feels right to be here.
I missed this.
It's what I'm
talking about. dawg.
It's why you got to
come home more. man.
This is where you're from.
You've got to connect
with your roots. man.
Plus. you can see what we're
doing around here nowadays.
And what do we do
around here. huh?
Uh. for me. survive.
I hunt. I live. and I survive.
Marj says no service when
we get to this one point.
so she drew this map.
[chuckles]
She drew this for
the rest of the way.
What are you. kidding me?
Hey. man. figure it out
because you navigator.
Wait. this is our map?
Um. she gave us. so
go ahead navigator.
[laughs]
Or you just saying.
All right. I'll tell you what.
you probably could use a drink.
Aha. yeah.
No rules.
All right.
You drive. I'll navigate.
[chuckles]
OK. it is deserted out here.
Like no sign of life anywhere.
Hmm.
Do you think we passed it?
Oh. no. I mean. it's probably
somewhere right around up
in here.
Where?
I don't see it.
Hey. watch out!
Shit!
My bad.
Fuck.
Motherfucker.
Scared the shit out of me. man.
Where did he go?
I don't know.
The fuck he doing
in the first place?
Fuck.
Fuck was that?
[suspenseful music]
Where the hell did he go?
Drunk motherfucker.
[animal growling]
What's that shit?
Let's get out of here.
Yeah.
[suspenseful music]
Oh. look. she's already
outside waiting.
Look at you.
Marjorie. Marjorie. Marjorie.
You look good.
[chuckles]
Oh my god. hi.
Wow.
It's been forever.
What? Like 3 years. at least?
Yeah. I came back to town
a couple of years ago. but.
Yeah. but he didn't stop
and said hi to nobody
but. you know.
What are you doing now?
Stopping by or are you
actually here for a while?
It's great to see you.
Me too.
I'm glad you guys
found the place.
Barely.
We found it.
I mean. I can't tell you. you
didn't give me any hug. loving
embrace and all that.
Oh my god. shut up.
Don't be a jerk.
I'm just telling the truth.
Did you. Jomar?
Come on. let me show
you guys the place.
Now you want to
show me something.
Come in.
Show me.
I'mma come on in.
That's what we're going to do.
[music playing]
So that's the laundry.
You guys can throw your
disgusting clothes tomorrow
after the hunt.
You're not coming with us?
Uh. no.
Well. you guys can do
your dumb man stuff.
I have a million things
actually I need to do here.
I have to go into town
and restock the woodpile.
You chopping wood now.
At least. you're not
doing any man work. huh.
Oh. you got a
little six pointer.
Oh. no. hey.
Physical labor isn't
just something men do.
Killing is.
A bit of an exaggeration.
No. give me that axe. I'll
chop this whole forest down
before you get some
started wood by night.
[chuckles]
Give me a break. Frank.
You used to weep playing t-ball.
You remember that?
Yeah.
Frank. you're never really
good at throwing wood around.
Well. at least I know
how to throw that wood.
Tell him. Marj.
You know.
I think you should leave
the wood chopping up
to Marj unless you
got a chainsaw.
What?
Oh. I got a chainsaw.
Mm-hmm
Oh. that's all good things.
You're not running hunting buck
all day and then chop wood.
As a matter of fact. I bet
you'll eat my buck by noon.
[chuckles]
OK. yeah. I'll take those bags.
Thank you.
So you guys. there are
two bedrooms up there.
The big one overlooking the
lake. obviously. is mine.
but you can dig it out
for bugs in the other one.
Mm-mm. negative. negative.
I don't share rooms
with grown ass men.
However. I will
share one with you.
Maybe you just
sleep in the shed.
See that's that bullshit.
Step.
So how did you end up
with this place anyway?
Well. I'm just still
getting settled.
but it's been in my family since
my great. great grandfather.
or I'm told.
It was getting passed down
on my dad's side though.
so I never knew
the place existed
until I got a call from
the lawyer rambling to me.
[exhale]
I'm sorry about your dad.
Yeah. I'm sorry about your dad.
No. I'm not. never knew the guy.
But he was good for
something at least. right?
Yeah. this place is dope.
Yeah.
You're a lucky lady.
I could live forever
in a place like this.
Man. you're right.
I mean. you gave me a tree
stands with animals to hunt.
peace here too.
Yeah. nice living.
Tranquility.
Hey. Jon. come on. let's
check out these rooms.
Get started with our day. man.
Oh. go put your stuff up.
OK
[groans]
Woo. yeah. small and dry.
Well. this is it. huh?
Yeah.
I guess it's going
to be like camp.
Yeah. creepy ass camp.
I got top bunk.
I mean. you're the
one who get shanked.
Hey. look at this shit. man.
What is it?
I don't know some
little creepy. demonic
looking dreamcatcher type shit.
Yeah?
You think old man Marjorie
was into Hocus Pocus?
I don't know. I don't like it.
I don't like it at all.
I've seen stuff
like this before.
Yeah?
Where?
I took a class in the mines.
I mean. it's not what
this is. but yeah.
kind of looks like symbols
for protection or something.
Protection from what?
I don't know.
Yeah. well. the protection
I'mma need is probably from you
into the way you've
been. man. right?
Yeah.
Similar places. Frank.
Similar places.
Yeah.
Oh.
I forgot that.
[deep exhale]
Jon.
Hey. yo. Jon?
[suspenseful music]
You good?
Jon?
[inaudible] yeah. it's...
You all right?
Yeah.
No. yeah. man. I'm good.
All right.
I'm good.
[deep exhale]
So why are you here. man?
Hmm?
Because Marj invited me.
I know Marj invited you.
I'm saying why you ain't come
back any time before now?
No. serious. I know Marj would
love to hang out with you.
You know. didn't even
call me. so what's up?
Look. man. I'm sorry.
I... I got out. I just had
to stay away. you know.
Come on. Jon. it's a
bullshit answer. man.
That's weak.
That's weak. dawg.
What do you want me to say?
I want you to talk to me. man.
Be real.
You still have feelings for
Marj. then say so. dawg.
I mean. come on. it's me.
It isn't like that.
Yeah?
Yeah.
[deep exhale]
Hey. well. look
man. when you left.
Marj was going through it. man.
And it's for years.
and I was just here
to pick up the pieces.
It just happened.
Yeah. I know.
I just want to make sure
we good though. man.
I get it.
We're good.
Man?
So who needs a banquet beer?
Hey. as will appear.
I'll take one.
I'll take 3.
What did I walk in on?
Well. old Jon boy
here say he going
to shoot a big buck
tomorrow. so we're
going to see what's
up with that.
Yeah. the big old bucks.
Sure. you don't want
to come with us. Marj?
Hmm. you two in the
woods with guns?
Yeah. no. I'll pass.
You coming?
Yeah.
Frank?
Yeah. I'll be up in a minute.
OK.
Yeah. OK.
Hey. did you shake this up?
You know how you get down. Marj.
Uh. try and sip.
See. just what I do.
We going to have some fun now.
We going to have some fun.
Yeah. catching one more.
[music playing]
You know. they do
make lighters. Frank.
This is more fun though.
Yeah?
It's my fire. my creation.
So. Jon. what's. uh. what's
been going on with you?
Yeah. what's up?
Realizing life
isn't all you wanted
it coming back to your roots?
Maybe I wanted to
do more of this.
Do more of what?
Live in a cabin?
Die in these creepy ass woods?
Yeah. well. speaking
of creepiness.
what's up with the weird
symbols upstairs in the room?
Uh. well. I don't know what
they were using this place for.
I mean. I didn't know
my dad or his family.
They could have been just using
the place for human sacrifice
for all I know.
What?
They look like. I don't know
like pagan symbols or something
like used for protection.
Yeah. well. Jon is an
expert on the dominion. so.
Protection from what?
I don't know.
I don't know. witches.
You're worried
about witches. Jon?
I'm just saying.
I did a little research
on my history of the land
when I got the deed.
There's a bit of a history.
You guys are up
for a scary story?
No. I don't fuck
with scary stories
not when I'm in the wood.
Fine. I won't tell you.
Come on.
Come on. tell us.
Tell us.
What is it?
No. I don't want to scare...
You know. Frank's delicate.
Symbols on the walls.
ancient legends stories.
that's just a recipe
with some bullshit.
Look where we at. man.
Don't fuck around with that.
Come on. come on.
what's the story?
Tell us the story.
OK. so a legend that
I heard dates back
to the 1800s. which is
when the cabin was built.
There was some families
traveling West looking
for a land to homestead.
They came by these woods.
And the got here. everything
was flourishing with life.
There were huge trees. all
the wildlife you could hunt.
But eventually. the
respect and appreciation
that they had for the
land started to fade.
and they just went over
indulged and expected the area
to continue to provide.
People were fat and happy.
The woods were pissed.
The woods?
That's wood. pissed.
So one day as if a switch
had just been flipped.
they woke up. right?
And all their food
had just dried out.
And when they went to hunt
for more. every animal
they caught was hollow.
empty. dry. no meat.
They basically
started to starve.
The entire community fell apart.
And then one night...
You hear that shit?
I hear it.
It was just like that at night.
Creepy strange
presence came to visit
each one of those settlers.
Gave them a choice.
They could either
stay on the land
and have all this
abundant food again
and continue this life in the
woods or die of starvation.
Catch was that those
who decided to stay
were given plenty of food.
OK.
Human flesh.
Come on. come on.
And less of life.
And so they all just kind of
went mad. killing. eating. then
killing then eating.
Now they're doomed for eternity
to wander these woods living
off the bodies of others.
I'll tell you what. I'mma
let y'all two have it.
I'll go get another beer.
Yeah. fuck that story.
[chuckles]
How's a man whose not
afraid of anything
gets scared of scary stories?
Yeah.
I'm really glad you came.
I'll be honest. I was a little
surprised by the invite.
Yeah.
Yeah. I kind of stopped
thinking about you. I guess.
and you kind of just popped
back into my head one night.
Oh yeah?
[chuckles]
You've been dreaming
about me. Marj?
[chuckles]
Not so many thing.
Weird. I'm not trying
to creep you out.
It just felt good
to see you again.
Listen. I'm not going to get in
the middle of anything that's
going on with you and Frank.
There's nothing
going with Frank.
Not anymore.
I've known him since we
were kids. I love him.
He's comfortable.
Comfortable is good.
I don't like comfortable.
I just can't shake the feeling
that I. uh. might want you.
Oh. what's that look for?
Did I walk in on something?
Hey.
[chuckles]
All right. 5:00 AM is
going to come early for me.
This has been fun.
I'll see you in the morning.
All right. big dawg.
[suspenseful music]
[growls]
[alarm ringing]
[deep exhale]
Dude. you look like shit.
I got it. dawg
Remember. boys. don't
worry. I own these woods.
[music playing]
Yeah. it's all right. man.
Oh yeah.
It's all right.
All right. I'm
counting on you. man.
I haven't been out in these
kind of woods in 20 years.
Come on. grasshopper.
Come on.
[heavy breathing]
It's going to be all right.
What's that?
Feels good.
It's a nice day.
It's freezing out here.
It's freezing out here. Frank.
You a asshole.
[laughs]
So.
Do you even know
where we're going?
Of course. not.
I figured we'd find a nice
clearing. set up shop.
see what comes by.
And what's going to come by?
Mainly small animals.
birds. rabbits.
ducks. but what we
want is that big buck.
Yeah. I'll be fine with some
quiet in a nice day bus.
Already?
Sure.
My god. we just got here. man.
Day has just begun.
Oh.
Shit. here.
You taking nowhere. man.
Come on. Frank. find us a spot.
A spot where I could
sit real comfortably.
and not do too much.
Got one.
Come over here.
Fuck!
Dude. what the fuck it?
Fuck. Frank?
Frank?
[groans]
Damn it!
Frank?
Get it off. Frank.
[suspenseful music]
[groans]
[growls]
Hey. come on. got
a spot over here.
Over here.
Come on. set up.
All right. I'm coming.
[deep breathing]
Yeah.
Let's see what we have here.
We get down right here. you have
this whole thing as a window.
right?
What do we need protection for?
The deer going to be
shooting at us or what?
[groans]
[deep exhale]
[music playing]
[gun shot]
Jesus Christ!
What?
I just... it's just...
You thought we
were here to hunt?
Huh. Jon?
It's fine.
What did you hit?
Nothing.
The damn cat got away.
A cat?
Are you fucking
kidding me. Frank?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. you
need to come down.
Look. it's a rabbit. man.
It's a fucking rabbit.
Don't know why that
makes it any better.
Look. stop pussy firing
this place. Jon. all right?
Now look. I'm out here
in the middle of this
get Al Woods with your
ass. we're miles away
from civilization. all right?
But we got alcohol. all right?
Yeah.
It's cool. man.
Man up.
Just like your high
school tryouts. right?
You weren't filling
it. but you manned up
and you got on the team. right?
Step on it.
Yeah.
Man up. man up. man. all right?
One point.
I've been thinking
about one point.
One point. one point.
Well. come on. you got
to do something now
to get one-on-one point.
[chuckle]
You got to kill something.
I missed you. man.
I missed all this.
[music playing]
Oh no.
Why did she invite
us up here. Frank?
Man. I don't know.
I mean. who knows
with that girl. right?
I don't know I. just think
it's kind of messed up.
I mean. I know
we're all friends.
but inviting your two
exes up to a cabin
for the weekend together?
Yeah. that is some
crazy shit. right?
But I'm not having a
threesome with you. Jon.
That's for damn sure.
We have something here.
Oh. we have something here.
What do you got?
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Stop right there.
Right there.
Come on.
[gun shot]
Got his ass. man.
Got his ass now.
Yeah. motherfucker.
[music playing]
What the fuck?
Shit!
You're not bringing
him back. Frank.
No. uh. he's no good.
Right.
[chuckles]
[deep exhale]
Hmm.
Oh shit. what do you see?
I think I see something.
Yeah. what do you see?
Oh. you don't see that?
What. you don't see it?
What?
Look. you don't see it?
I don't see shit.
Where is it?
What was it?
It was right there.
Did you not see that?
Come on that bullshit. Jon. man.
Hey. look. I'm going to
need you to fire this gun
and get you in the
game today. man.
OK?
It's what I'm trying
to do here. Frank.
It's what I'm trying to do.
It was right there.
Right there.
I got the scope. just like
you got a scope there. Jon.
and I don't see anything.
I see some shit.
I see it.
[gun shot]
I got that motherfucking now.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
[exhales]
[music playing]
Hey. Frank. what did you get?
[piano playing]
Hey. Frank.
[deer belling]
[twig snaps]
Jon.
[whispers]
Shoot.
Shoot. shoot.
Shoot. shoot. Shoot.
Shoot.
[whispers]
[gun shot]
[suspenseful music]
What?
No. no.
No. no. no.
No.
Frank.
[heavy breathing]
Come on.
Come on. wake up.
Frank. wake up!
Frank.
[sobs]
Wake up.
[heavy breathing]
[sniffles]
[chainsaw buzzing]
Marjorie.
[shouting]
I fucked up.
Frank.
What?
I don't know what happened.
What happened is you guys came
back early. and with nothing
to eat.
No. no.
It was an accident.
What accident?
What are you talking about?
I killed Frank.
[scoffs]
OK.
Marjorie. I'm
serious. I killed him.
Out there in the woods. I was...
I... I don't know what happened.
I was hearing voices that I...
I didn't even see it until
I pulled the trigger.
OK. this show is not funny.
Goddamn it. Marjorie.
I'm serious.
Frank is dead.
OK.
Well. if you... if
you want to let
him know he's dead yourself.
you can go. he's inside.
I don't know what it is about
being out in the woods that
makes you guys go crazy.
You need to pull it together.
What?
[heavy breathing]
[chainsaw buzzing]
[music playing]
Frank?
How?
You shot me.
This is impossible.
And then you ran like a
little bitch and you left me.
I thought you were dead.
I am. damn!
What are you talking about?
You're right here.
Yeah. but not because of you.
No. you left me there to die.
I was... I was seeing shit.
I was hallucinating.
I didn't...
Are you hallucinating now?
Huh?
[music playing]
[shaky breathing]
[wind howling]
Hey.
[suspenseful music]
Oh.
I realize it's your
first day and stuff.
but I kind of thought
we'd have a bunch of meat.
Grill up.
OK. what's going
on with you two?
Oh. Jon here is a killer.
Oh yeah?
What did you kill. Jon?
It was an accident.
It's pretty accurate
accident. Jon.
What is going on?
This isn't funny.
You shouldn't have came back.
Is that what this is about?
Get out of here with that shit.
What are you two
actually arguing about?
Show her.
What?
Show her your fucking chest.
Man. fuck you. I'm
not doing that.
I killed him. Marj.
I killed him.
Out there in the
woods. I shot him.
I shot him right in the chest.
I saw him. he was dead
right in front of me.
He's a murderer.
And now he's standing
here right in front of us.
I don't know.
Frank. what happened?
It was pretty much what he said.
No. he's telling the truth.
Oh my god. OK. fuck you.
Fuck you both.
Fuck me?
Fuck both of you.
Where are you going?
I don't know.
Maybe I'll go stay in
town for the night.
You guys obviously
have some shit
you need to work out alone.
We are telling the truth.
No. this was obviously a
giant mistake on my part.
I should not have
brought you guys here.
If you want to lose
your fucking minds.
you can do it on your own.
[music playing]
I wasn't trying to
kill you. Frank.
It really happened?
Motherfucker. right it happened.
What do you remember?
How did you get back here?
I. uh. I was checking that buck.
I must have lost it.
kept looking for it.
[music playing]
When I turn. had your
fucking gun aiming at me.
[gun shot]
You pulled the trigger.
And after that?
I was on the front porch.
Marj just chopping wood.
[wind howling]
That's what I'm saying. OK?
How is that possible?
You should have showed her.
And say what. Jon?
Hey. Marj. Jon shot
me through the heart.
but no. no. don't overreact.
it's OK. because I just got up
and I...
[whistles]
I walked away.
She'll think I'm
fucking crazy. Jon.
[wind howling]
It just doesn't make any sense.
OK?
I mean. none of this does.
I can't explain any of this.
It couldn't have
happened. not this way.
We're going back.
Back where?
To where you killed
me. motherfucker.
[suspenseful music]
Fucks going on. man?
Huh?
I don't know.
You killed me.
I didn't kill you. Frank.
Who the fuck did that?
Huh?
You're right here!
[heavy breathing]
OK. this is a game. right?
Or a message.
Huh.
You and Marj little
fucked up stories.
Now you got me out here with
a hole in my chest. huh?
Because you want
to get rid of me.
I don't know what's
going on. Frank.
You don't know
what's going on. huh?
Last night. you and Marj
were talking outside.
If nothing is going on. then
why when I came outside. you
two got quiet?
Huh?
Nothing's going on.
You're not going to say a word?
Oh. I guess. she said
it. she wants you back.
And that's cool. Jon.
I don't give a fuck.
What I care about is you're
going to kill me over it?
Huh?
I don't want to kill you. Frank.
No. no. even if you try. you
won't get that chance again.
[groans]
All fucking day you ain't
shooting a fucking shot.
now you're going to shoot me?
You just used your fucking gun.
How dare you. son of a bitch?
[suspenseful music]
[groans]
[music playing]
[growls]
[chuckles]
So you kill me. huh?
Is that it?
I had a feeling you
was going to come back.
You stabbed me!
Hey. it was an accident. Jon.
It was an accident. man.
No. what you did
that was no accident.
Who's the killer. huh?
Who's the killer. Frank?
You're the killer.
That's right.
[groans]
[suspenseful music]
Ow.
[groans]
[gun shot]
Bitch!
What kind of man kicks
another man in the nuts?
You asshole.
[heavy breathing]
Jonny boy?
Come out. come out.
wherever you are.
This is my turn now.
I see something.
Yeah.
[gun shot]
[groans]
[suspenseful music]
[growls]
[groans]
[screams]
[heavy breathing]
Frank.
[suspenseful music]
[groans]
Six million ways to die. I
choose all of it for you.
It's hunting season.
[chuckles]
Look at you.
[gun shot]
Son of a...
Jon. come out. man.
[suspenseful music]
Don't make me kill you. Frank.
What?
Again?
Huh?
You've always wanted
a piece of me. right?
Man-to-man.
Let's do this the right way.
[chanting]
Yeah. I always
wanted a piece you.
[groans]
I said fight
one-on-one. you shit!
[heavy breathing]
All right.
All right. we got
to stop this shit.
All right. this is
fucking pointless.
I know.
Shit.
[scoffs]
[exhale]
Fuck. man.
I don't want to kill you. Frank.
Well. you sure could have
fooled me there. Jonny boy.
All this that you did to me.
looking and cutting my arm off.
slitting my throat. you shot me.
The fuck are we
going to do. man?
Huh?
I don't know.
Oh. it's right here.
Shit.
I'm sorry about your arm.
Yeah.
Well. I'm sorry about all
the shit I did to you too.
Yeah.
I guess I can't beat you
one-on-one no more. huh?
You could barely beat me before.
One point?
Barely beat you?
Oh one point.
Take me lose my arm for
you to win. man. I guess.
[chuckles]
How are we going to
explain this to Marj?
No. how are you going to
explain this to. Marj?
You started this shit.
You saw how she took
it the first time.
It's on you. bro.
We should move this body.
Yeah.
Oh. you got the one... the
one in the house of you.
so you want to get that.
Don't want her stumbling
over that shit.
How are you going
to explain that?
[sighs]
[suspenseful music]
[sniffles]
Well. fuck me. you going
to give me a hand. huh?
No. I'm going to
take your whole body.
Hey. the fuck is
wrong with you. man?
You get your own motherfucking
body. I got mine.
Yeah. seems fair.
This ain't no
motherfucking game. man.
What about those
bodies in the woods?
[deep exhale]
Man. shit. fuck them.
Let the animals eat them.
[suspenseful music]
[deep exhale]
Why the hell would
you come up here?
[exhale]
[sniffle]
[suspenseful music]
[coughs]
[groans]
[heavy breathing]
Hey. you go talk to her. man.
I don't want her
seeing me like this.
Jon?
Frank?
Go. man.
[suspenseful music]
[deep exhale]
Jon. Jon.
Jon.
Jon. OK. you're not
going to believe this.
I tried to go into
town. but... but...
You're... you're not
going to believe me I...
Marj. come on. just tell me.
[suspenseful music]
[sighs]
Oh. my...
[suspenseful music]
Oh my god. what the fuck house?
OK.
[exhales]
Oh my god. what the fuck?
How c... I'm suppose...
I just kept driving and driving
and ending up just right
here by this same spot.
[sniffles]
I couldn't leave.
[sobs]
Oh my god.
Oh my god. what happened to you?
Where's Frank?
Hey.
Oh.
OK. OK. OK. what is going on?
Come here.
Marjorie. what we told
you today was the truth.
Frank and I have spent the
day killing each other over
and over again. and we keep
coming back alive over and over
again.
So what are you saying?
You guys are fucking zombies?
Well. I mean not exactly.
[groans]
[screams]
Oh my god. you killed him.
God. you killed
No. I know this is freaking
you out but it's OK.
Fucking killed him.
We've done it all day.
He told you.
Get the fuck away from me.
No.
All day this was
going on all day.
Will... will you stop.
What are you going
to do with a rock?
No. no.
No.
Will you stay... now
that was unnecessary.
Hey. my arm's missing.
Hey. hey.
[screams]
It's OK.
See. it's OK.
See. you never listen.
I told you he was coming back.
[heavy breathing]
[animal howling]
It's OK.
This doesn't make any sense.
None of it does.
Yeah.
Like have you noticed
anything weird. strange.
supernatural stuff bullshit
since you've been up here?
Well. besides the endless
road that won't let us leave?
Just calm down. all right?
No I'm talking about
before we got here.
any time you came before?
No.
I just. I got here for the
first time a few days ago.
It was the first
time I'd come here.
OK. OK. OK.
What about the symbols
on the walls upstairs.
you know anything about that?
No. I'm just as confused
as you guys are. OK?
Like literally all those I was
just going to throw them away.
No. that's bullshit there.
[scoffs]
All the stories you were
telling and all that nonsense.
because it seems
like me and this man
are the one that's paying
for whatever the price is
what's going on around here.
Will you cut it out. Frank?
This isn't her fault.
Oh my god. you're
so fucking real.
Yo. I'm not convinced. man.
I've been here before. man.
What are you talking about?
No. not physically. but like
you know how my dreams are real
and she was there.
What?
Yeah.
We were in the woods.
These woods with you.
What?
You're not the only one
that's been having nightmares.
Give us a minute. Marj.
Frank?
Yeah.
You know something.
Get out of my face. go.
Stop it!
What?
What the hell. Frank?
Are you serious right now?
You're not just a
little bit suspicious?
Huh?
Suspicious of what?
Oh my god.
All day you've been
asking. why did
she bring us up here from
the ride up. just us?
Huh?
Who brought us up here?
Whose cabin is it?
Hers.
Who owns that damn forest?
Her and her people.
What else am I
supposed to think?
[whispers]
You're supposed to think. OK?
And not start accusing
people of things
that you know nothing about.
[indistinct whispers]
Know nothing about. huh?
What don't I know. huh?
What do you know. because...
[interposing voices]
Stop it. that's enough.
Go away!
Can somebody please
get me some water?
Yeah.
[deep exhale]
All right. Marj. all
bullshit aside. shit!
What the fuck is going on. huh?
Why did you bring
me and him up here?
I don't know what you're
talking about. Frank.
You know the fuck
I'm talking about.
Get away from me!
No. fuck that.
Get the fuck away from me.
Cut it out.
No. no. no. explain.
We're just trying to
figure this thing out. OK?
Something about this place
is causing this to happen.
Yeah.
I shot a little rabbit out
there. just hopping around.
But when I got to it. no meat.
No meat.
Just fur and bonds
like in that story.
All right. what... what...
Remember. that story you told?
What does that
have to do with me?
The fact that...
Marj. we just thought
that you know about it.
You know this
place. its history.
Whatever came for those
people in that story.
it's come for us.
Obviously. it's coming
at the motherfucking us.
but everything's OK with you.
but this is your cabin. right?
This is your forest. right?
Look. the same shit is
happening to me. OK?
I tried to get out of
here. to drive out of here
and I just kept driving and
driving around in circles.
Look. whatever's happening here.
it's happening to all of us.
That is bullshit.
You're trying to spin
us around in circles.
Fuck off.
OK. will you knock
it off. Frank?
No. you knock it off.
You know what?
I will.
You know what I
would do. I'm out.
You two motherfuckers
can have it.
Best thing you said
was to get up out here.
so I'm going to the little
merry go round of yours.
and get the fuck off this thing.
You're not going alone.
Yeah. whatever.
Catch me if you can.
We're getting out
of here together.
Whatever is happening here.
it's happening to all of us.
Come on. let's go.
[wood creaking]
[keys clinking]
Give me the keys. Frank.
I got it. man.
Frank. you got one
arm is what you got.
Fuck off me. man.
Shit.
Fuck.
All right. how the fuck
we get out of here. Marj?
Keep going. then turn right.
See. that's some bullshit.
See. we up out of here. man.
No. there look.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
It's not going to let us go.
No. fuck that.
What... what the hell
are you doing. Frank?
I'm getting us the
fuck out of here.
I don't think going
faster is going to help.
It's right in front of us.
Do you see it?
What?
See it?
[screams]
Damn it. Frank. what the fuck?
Did you see it?
It was right in front of us.
You saw it?
What?
It was right in front of us.
[heavy breathing]
You saw it. right?
No.
[heavy breathing]
Can we go back now?
I think we already are.
[growls]
[screams]
We're stuck.
[music playing]
What are we supposed to do?
I don't know.
You don't?
Come on. I came up here
just the same as you guys.
OK. just because I know about
that creepy legend doesn't mean
it has anything to do with me.
Are you sure about that?
[music playing]
Maybe we should
burn it all down.
Like the whole damn thing on
a fire. the cabin. the woods.
I have a feeling it's not
going to let that happen.
[rumbling]
You feel it too. don't you?
Yeah. I do.
I think whatever it is it's...
It's becoming part of us.
It's... it's changing us.
I kept having these
dreams of Frank and you.
Yeah.
Yeah. I had them too.
I think they led me here to you.
Frank. what the fuck?
Don't worry he'll be back.
I know he'll be back.
Dude. this isn't funny. you
can't just keep doing this.
How do you explain my
fucking arm is cut off?
All [inaudible] because of you.
So yeah. fucking fuck.
[groans]
Frank. I'll fucking kill you.
Get the fuck off me.
Get off me.
Fucking shit.
He's not yours to kill.
[suspenseful music]
Hey. hey. come here.
Get lost.
Hey. will you stop and talk?
Oh. you can talk to
Jon. but you can't even
talk to me with all this
fucking bullshit going on.
you owe me that!
Oh. my god. Frank.
you need to cut it out
with the jealous shit.
This isn't about you or
us. this is about all
of us together as a team
getting out of this shit.
Oh as a team?
No. this is not a team.
See. Jon. he's fucked up.
Look at me. I'm
clearly fucked up.
but you. not a scratch on you.
So?
So we're a team. right?
It's time for your initiation.
Yeah.
You'll come back
just like me and Jon.
It's just a dying. though
it hurts a little bit.
See what happens. all right?
[growls]
Oh. come on. not again.
[inaudible] motherfucker.
Yeah.
I'mma cut your fucking head
off put in my chopping cases.
[groans]
[chainsaw buzzing]
That's a good one.
[screams]
[chainsaw buzzing]
[growls]
[suspenseful music]
Marjorie. look at me.
A choice must be made.
[heavy breathing]
I've missed you. Jon.
Only you.
[suspenseful music]
[heavy breathing]
[moans]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
You're... you're not. Marjorie.
I'm the woods. Jon.
Each time you kill here. brings
me life. just like your seed.
Helps restore the
natural balance.
[heavy breathing]
[music playing]
What did I tell you?
Frank?
Who the fuck else you
been killing today. Jon?
Jesus Christ.
Yeah. I don't even think
he could help me with this.
You OK?
I'm a fucking head. Jon.
No. I'm not OK.
But what did I tell
you about her. huh?
It's not what you think.
Something out there has
possessed her. taken her over.
That thing I saw out
there wasn't Marj.
Hey. well. it looks like
it's your problem now.
Shut up!
I mean I would try to
help you out there. buddy
but I'm trying to wrap
my head around this.
Well. you used to be like
the head of the class?
Get up.
You shut up!
I'm just [inaudible].
But listen...
You are not helping.
[heavy breathing]
Jon. you're going to
have to kill her. man.
I'm not killing her.
We don't even know what
will happen if I do.
It's sure the only thing
we haven't tried. man.
Well. listen to me.
I'm not killing her.
You're such a pussy wet bitch.
You know that?
I've had enough of this.
What are you doing?
I mean. what can
you do to me now?
Right?
Yeah.
Jon. freak. Jon...
Ha!
Jon. come on. man. I'm trying
to see what's going on.
Jon.
[whispers]
Come on. look. J. I'm
not asking for much.
just get me out this damn bag.
I want just to get out the bag.
[whispers]
Jon?
Shut up!
Jon. come on. man. let me out.
I can't see.
[heavy breathing]
Well. you out of set
of eyes or something.
Just shut up.
[groans]
Almost knocked my
fucking tooth out.
[whispers]
[heavy breathing]
[screams]
Jon.
I'm trying to help
your punk ass.
[whispers]
[evil giggles]
Where?
Jon. Jon.
Marjorie.
[screams]
No. no.
Where are we going?
Fuck me.
The goddamn thing took her.
You're an asshole.
you know that.
Where is she?
Behind you.
[gasps]
Feed us. Jon.
Shoot her now. Jon.
Quite bullshitting.
shoot her now.
I'm sorry.
[gun shot]
[gasps]
[evil laugh]
[screams]
[gasps]
It's pointed in the
wrong direction.
I need you to kill Frank again.
He's tasty.
[groans]
Oh god.
Oh.
[chocking]
[evil laugh]
[chuckles]
Look at me. Marjorie.
Let her go.
But being in her body
feels all so nice.
You both know that.
[groans]
She has a duty to fulfill
passed down to her.
You... you... you make
us come out here.
You... you forced us.
Oh. no I cannot force.
I can only accept.
[groans]
Maybe influence a little.
[moans]
[laughs]
Men are so easy.
[chuckles]
Do you feel it?
[exhales]
Life. it's intertwined
with death.
One needs the other.
[shaky breathing]
Frank. is almost consumed.
Soon the bag limit
will be reached.
feeding can continue
uninterrupted.
Hey. Marj.
Marj. you want to
feed off of me?
I'm not much of a meal now.
more like a little topping
but it's still pretty that Jon.
[groans]
You were the easiest
to lure of them all.
Yeah. that's it. Marj.
Come here.
Oh. my Marj. you always
get your way. huh?
How about one last kiss. huh?
[groans]
[screams]
Frank. run.
Get the fuck out. run.
What do you want?
[evil laughs]
Feed us.
I'm here.
[growls]
Jon.
Marjorie. is that you?
It's you?
I'm sorry.
It's you.
Is that you?
Marjorie.
Come here.
Come here. come on.
Come on.
Come here.
Shh. It's going to be OK.
It's going to be OK.
We're going to get out of here.
We're going to get out
of here together. OK?
I'm... I'm not
getting out of this.
Marj. no.
No. no. we're going
to keep fighting.
and we're going to make it. OK?
You don't understand.
There's no where to go.
What?
No. no.
No. leaving. no.
No. no. no. come back.
Come back.
No. no. no.
[sobs]
Why'd you go?
Come back Come back.
[sobs]
[suspenseful music]
[sniffles]
I have nothing.
Nothing for you.
You have already given so much.
But your last kill is needed.
That will free us all. then you
will be a part of this land.
A protector of it.
And when the time comes. your
child will be it's inheritor.
Because of you. this
place will live on.
What do you want me to do?
We need one more.
Kill Frank.
He's just a head. what
do you want me to do?
He must beat fully consumed.
[suspenseful music]
What?
[gasps]
[heavy breathing]
I don't know what choices
I made to bring me here.
[sniffles]
Or the choices you made.
[piano playing]
There's only one way out for me.
You want one more. here.
You reached your bag limit.
No!
[gun shot]
I thought you'd stay.
[suspenseful music]
Hey.
Huh.
Jesus!
[scoffs]
What the fuck are
we going to do?
I don't know.
Driving didn't work.
Hmm.
Walk?
I might have a problem
with that there. genius.
[chuckles]
Yeah. you might.
Yeah.
Sorry. to have to do
this to you. my friend.
[groans]
Let's go for a walk.
Wait. wait. wait.
wait. don't leave me.
Wait.
Wait. wait.
Don't leave me.
Don't leave us.
[piano playing]
[engine roaring]
[gasps]
The car almost hit us.
You sure you OK?
Yeah.
Yeah. you?
Aye. let me get a shot
of that tequila. man.
Mmh. hey.
[deep exhale]
Let me get a shot
of that. tequila.
[heavy breathing]
One more. one more.
Woo. you got the cheap shit.
Hey.
[exhale]
[groans]
Time has no place here.
Try again.
They must be fully consumed.
Look at you.
Marjorie. Marjorie.
Marjorie. you look good.
[gasps]
Hey. Jon?
Yeah
How I'mma get my body back. man?
I don't know. man.
I don't know.
There's that bullshit.
(SINGING) And we were alone
on that dark old night.
It's no wonder we surrender
to this house late at night.
Night.
And we were alone on
that dark old night.
It's no wonder we surrender
to this house late at night.
Night. night.
Ooh. yeah. yeah. yeah.